Topic 1:
Types of sdlc
waterfall
spiral
v model
win win
evolutionary prototyping
agile
-09

topic 2:
Req list
Product owner(mutiple req)->Product Backlog-->
Team-->
Sprint planning meeting(collect from that 5 req)-->
Sprint backlog(Tasks)
Standup/scrum meeting(scrum master will conduct)

Agile ceremenio: 
Below will happnes for the created prodcut
Sprint review - about the prodcut
Sprint retrospective-Team perform analysis

UX diag:
Product backlog->sprint planning->Sprint backlog->Scrum team
Sprint review- sprint retrospective

Topic 3:
Product owner:
Providing the vision of the product to the team
Managing the product backlog in a clear and transparent way
Priotrize the backlog items to achieve the best
Explaining the product backlog in a clear manner to the team
to help team to make better decisions

Team:
Product backlog-->shippable item
Self organised (what to commit and how to commit)
cross functional (analysis, dev, testing, DB) and structured
team)
Team is accountable as a whole(no blame on single person)
7 to 8 person

Scrum master:(agile, scrum coach)
Help team to adopt scrum
Help team to self organise
Protects the team from outside interference
Conducts scrum events

Sprint planning :
is an event in the Scrum framework 
where the team determines the product backlog items 
they will work on during that sprint and discusses their initial plan 
for completing those product backlog items.
The purpose of sprint planning is to define what can be delivered in the 
sprint and how that work will be achieved.
 Sprint planning is done in collaboration with the whole scrum team.

Agile is a project management philosophy that utilizes a core set of
 values or principles, Scrum is a specific Agile methodology that is
 used to facilitate a project

webservices & api testing:
A service available over internet is called webservice.
API acts as intermediary between two different applications

Risk-based testing:
Risk-based testing makes use of such risks to prioritize and highlight 
the right set of tests we have to execute at the right time. 
It concentrates on testing the functionality that has the biggest impact
 and likelihood of failure.
Thus Risk-based testing strategy is especially helpful in Agile methodology,
 for test analysis, planning, estimation, design, execution, and results reporting.
------------
Scrum is a framework for developing and sustaining the complex products.
It describes a set of meeting, tools, and roles that work in a  concert to help
teams structure and manage their work.
Developers(team)
product owner
scrum master

--

SOAP is a protocol and REST is a software architectural pattern. 
There is a lot of misconception in the internet for SOAP vs REST.

SOAP defines XML based message format that web service-enabled applications
 use to communicate each other over the internet. In order to do that the
 applications need prior knowledge of the message contract, datatypes, etc..

REST represents the state(as resources) of a server from an URL.It is stateless
 and clients should not have prior knowledge to interact with server beyond the
 understanding of hypermedia
---------
Primary key: Defines a unique identifier for each row in a table.
 Unique key: Enforces uniqueness but does not necessarily define a unique identifier. 
Foreign key: Establishes a relationship between two tables
